docs: replace occurrences of "charmcraft.yaml" and "recipe" (#2154)
canonical/charmcraft: docs/howto/build-guides/select-platforms.rst

Reviewer: Just a note I really appreciate keeping the first instance here (on line 6) as-is, as it helps readers gain an understanding of what the project file is.

Select one build and one target architecture
--------------------------------------------

> The following project file snippet will define a charm that both builds and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following snippet defines a charm that both builds and
```

Author: https://github.com/canonical/charmcraft/pull/2154/commits/018f61d7b6fc9c12b183664f82523bca6d3b0d5c

runs on Ubuntu 24.04 LTS, only on an AMD64 architecture:

> .. code-block:: yaml

Author: I really like this solution!

> .. code-block:: yaml

Reviewer: Yeah I like that a lot. It would be useful for many of our `literalinclude`s too.

---------------------------

The resulting ``.charm`` file packed by charmcraft can only run on a single OS release

> or ``base``, using ``charmcraft.yaml`` nomenclature. A project can use multi-base syntax

Author: https://github.com/canonical/charmcraft/pull/2154/commits/6e57a8e7fa62014b0fdf6fd03578db84ab8172a0

> syntax to create a set of charms, each for a different base. To do this, the base is

Reviewer: It's out of scope here, but I'd really like a different term than a "set of charms." Each `.charm` file is a different package, but it should be equivalent (the same "charm"), just for different environments.

Author: Good catch! I made a change, but please let me know if there is a better way to phrase this.

https://github.com/canonical/charmcraft/pull/2154/commits/018f61d7b6fc9c12b183664f82523bca6d3b0d5c

Reviewer 2: The new phrasing works for me.
